What? I've had three already.
You don't have to drink it all.
Just drink one and stand up and talk to me
Even if I lose
That's not possible.
That's not scientific.
How do you manage it?
I already said it
I teach that the master is invulnerable to all poisons
Seventh, I advise you not to delay any longer
Otherwise, throw in the towel
Qizhi first brings out the stupid son of the Chen family
Check it out
Yes
Stop for me
Old Seven, what are you still doing?
Don't you want to prove yourself?
My Chen family never raises waste
You dare to be a deserter
The Chen family wants your life
Ok I want flying dragon
You are cruel
I can't believe I have antidote pills
You can still be afraid of this poison
Yeah.
rest
Vacation if nothing
He's just bluffing. He's just bluffing.